---
title: "RE: Got an email about the School of Art - 12598"
date: 2009-05-12T13:17:24.000Z
post: 12598
board: 8
layout: post
venue: v22
parent: 11472
tags: [gerald norden, john ward, david koster, folkestone, society of wildlife artists, john eveleigh, ken back, "corinne roberts-jones", ivor roberts jones, peter thomas, john fitzgerald, gales cafe, gun tavern, pink fairies, hawkwind, tofts, sundowner, leas cliff hall, perish]
permalink: /m/12598/
---
Folkestone School of Art was a fine place to be. I was there from 69-71, when it finally closed down. <a href="/wiki/gerald+norden">Gerald Norden</a> a technically very gifted painter was the Principal. Died 2002 I think and was a friend of the late <a href="/wiki/john+ward">John Ward</a>. <a href="/wiki/david+koster">David Koster</a> who I believe is still alive, lives in <a href="/wiki/folkestone">Folkestone</a>, a massively gifted printmaker and Founding member of the <a href="/wiki/society+of+wildlife+artists">Society of Wildlife Artists</a>. Also teaching at the time was Ray Terry, <a href="/wiki/john+eveleigh">John Eveleigh</a>, the late <a href="/wiki/ken+back">Ken Back</a> and the late <a href="/wiki/corinne+roberts-jones">Corinne Roberts-Jones</a>, who married whilst teaching at the Art School (daughter of the famous Sculptor <a href="/wiki/ivor+roberts+jones">Ivor Roberts Jones</a>) The pottery dept was run by <a href="/wiki/peter+thomas">Peter Thomas</a> and the Photography dept was run by <a href="/wiki/john+fitzgerald">John Fitzgerald</a> who went on to be Head of Photography at Bournemouth College of Art, my landlord and a thoroughly decent bloke. He was assisted by the engaging Mr Joe O'Brien. The School of Art was directly opposite the Police Station-<a href="/wiki/gales+cafe">Gales Cafe</a> and I think it was the <a href="/wiki/gun+tavern">Gun Tavern</a>. <a href="/wiki/pink+fairies">Pink Fairies</a> played there as did <a href="/wiki/hawkwind">Hawkwind</a> and the semi resident Electric Robin. My memory tells me that the door takings for the Hawkwind gig were indeed taken! David Lentern was the librarian and a mean jazz style drummer. Looking back it is fair to say that Art students were not exactly welcome due to alleged abuse of recreational drugs, notably LSD and Mescaline, these items were allegedly often hidden in the library for later and frequent use and abuse. The music scene was in retrospect wonderful with <a href="/wiki/tofts">Tofts</a>, <a href="/wiki/sundowner">The Sundowner</a>, and the <a href="/wiki/leas+cliff+hall">Leas Cliff Hall</a> all headlining top name bands along with a band that were regulars at <a href="/wiki/tofts">Tofts</a> called the <a href="/wiki/perishers">Perishers</a>. I saw <a href="/wiki/hendrix">Hendrix</a> appearing I think at the Sundowner, <a href="/wiki/tull">Tull</a>, <a href="/wiki/quo">Quo</a>, <a href="/wiki/canned+heat">Canned Heat</a>, <a href="/wiki/john+mayall">John Mayall</a> and <a href="/wiki/derek+and+the+dominos">Derek and the Dominos</a> and hundreds more at <a href="/wiki/tofts">Tofts</a>. And too many bands to mention at the <a href="/wiki/leas+cliff+hall">Leas Cliff Hall</a>. Another favoured place was the <a href="/wiki/acropolis">Acropolis</a> (Archies) down the old High Street, they served a mean Rhum ba-ba and had a great selection on the Juke Box. I find it difficult to visualise the area now as so much has gone, usually buried under tons of concrete!
